New JS interop docs (#4578)
dart-lang/site-www: src/interop/js-interop/reference.md

---

> title: JS interop reference

Reviewer: Done.

description: A glossary of key terms and concepts in JS interop.
---

## Members

// *I'm not sure if members, syntax, etc are interchangeable or different categories,*
*so rearrange / add more headings as needed*

> ### Inline classes

Reviewer 2: Rename to 'extension types'.

You can call a main-spaced function from a JavaScript app
without concern for type using the [`@JS` annotation](#js).

// *Why/when will users want to use this/ not be concerned with type?*

#### Usage:

```dart
// 
@JS(‘...’) 

// 

// 
```

### External factories

External factories are not exclusive to static interop,
but are an importatnt part of the interface. 
You can use a factory to instantiate a JavaScript object.

// *You will want to do this because/when...*

#### Usage:

```dart
// 

// 

// 
```

### Extensions with external members

// *Does this go under external, or extensions, or...?*

Extensions extend types. When you have an external class that you don't own,
and you don't want to add members to it, you can simply extend it.
Just write an extension and add members.

// *More detail on when/why you might want to use this maybe?*

#### Usage:

```dart
// 

// 

// 
```

## Annotations

### `@JS`

The `@JS` annotation belongs to the `dart:js_interop` library.
It specifies that you're using JavaScript interop,
as opposed to any other kind of interop.
It provides the bindings between a JavaScript API and your Dart API.

> The use of `@JS` interop, combined with [inline classes](#inline-classes),

Reviewer 2: Perhaps:
```suggestion
The use of `@JS` interop, combined with [extension types](#extension-types),
```

Reviewer 2: Similar renames needed at a few locations below.
